New card game 

Each deck has around 40 cards with the playset of each card being 3
Each player has a leader with a color and ability and hp (Average is 30-40 hp lets say 30 and the math following wil be for 30)

The card types are leader, unit , spell, relic/structure(or somehting that states in its name that it stays on board)

Units are the monsters of the game. They can attack the turn they are played(we may need to remove this but we will see)
Units have Atk/Hp , color , cost, abilities

Spells are cards with a one time use effect that resolve and go to the drop zone after. All spells are instant speed unless stated otherwise

relic/structure(we need to come up with a name) are cards with a cost that are played and stay on the board. 

Units attacking can either attack enemy units that are rested or enemy lesders.
Damage is exchanged between two units . But end of turn they heal to full 

Starting hand is 7 and yo draw 1 during each of your turns .
First player does not draw or attack.
Each player has 5 energy to pay costs with and their energy resets at the start of that players turn.
This means you can choose to go all out but if you spent your 5 energy then you will have no energy to interact with the opponetn during their turn

Phases are a standard of Draw phase, Big Main phase where you do all actions , End phase.

2 sample decks to start us off 

Leader — Morga, Keeper of the Dead 30 HP 
When one of your non-token units dies, place a Soul counter on your leader for each one of them. 
1/turn : Discard 1 -> Draw 2 
Remove 6 Soul Counters from your Leader: Summon a unit from your Graveyard. 
Main Deck 

3× Grave Rat 1 Energy — 2/1 Unit
When this dies, draw 1 card and deal 1 dmg to any target.
3× Corpse Collector 2 Energy — 3/2 Unit
When another friendly unit dies, place a Soul counter on your leader, recover 1 energy, draw 1. 
3× Blood Revenant 3 Energy — 5/3 Unit
When you play this you may kill it to deal 3 dmg to any target. 
When this dies, if it did not have 1 HP, you may summon it again during your next turn but set its HP to 1. 
3× Soul Eater 4 Energy — 5/7 Unit
Whenever this enters, Discard 1 to place a Soul counter on your leader. 
Whenever this attacks , Destory an enemy unit. 
3× Grave Tyrant 5 Energy — 8/8 Unit
When summoned, summon a unit costing 4 or less from your Graveyard.
At the end of your turn destroy it. 
3× Necro Dragon 5 Energy — 8/8 Unit
When this enters play, return up to 2 units not named Necro Dragon from your Graveyard to the battlefield. 
At the end of your turn, destroy them. 
2× The Undying King 5 Energy — 6/6 Unit
Whenever this unit is destroyed, return it onto the battlefield at the end of the turn. 
3× Sacrificial Rite 0 Energy Spell
Destroy one of your unit. Draw 2 cards, Place 1 Soul counter on your leader, Heal 3 hp to any target. 
3× Grave Exchange 0 Energy Spell
Return one creature from your Graveyard to your hand. Then discard a card. 
3× Mass Burial 5 Energy Spell
Destroy all unit. 
3× Soul Theft 2 Energy Spell
Steal an enemy creature with 4 or less ATK until end of turn. 
2× Resurrection 4 Energy Spell 
Summon a unit from either Graveyard. 
3× Death Denial 2 Energy Spell 
Choose a creature and give it : When this creature is destroyed , return it to the battlefield from graveyard 
3× Grave Trap 1 Energy Spell
When your opponent summons a creature, you may sacrifise a creature you control -> destroy it.

Leader — Fazat, Lightning Mage 30 HP 
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn recover 1 energy
Whenever you cast your third spell each turn deal 2 dmg
1/turn: Pay 5 Energy -> Create a Zap token in your hand. This ability costs 1 less energy for each lightning spell played this turn 

Zap 0 Energy Token Lightning Spell 
Deal1 damage to any target

Recast is a keyword where you may banish the spell after it resolves and at the beggining of your next turn cast it for free without the recast on it

Main Deck 
3× 2 Energy Relic/Structure 
1/turn:Whenever you deal damage to your opponent with a lightning spell. If you have played 4+ spells this turn -> draw 1
3× Voltaic Capacitor 1 Energy Relic/Structure
Destroy this -> Gain 2 energy
3× 1 Energy Relic/Structure
Whenever you cast your fourth or more spell in a turn -> Deal 1 dmg
3× Chain Spark 1 Energy lightning spell 
Deal 1 dmg to any target. [Recast].
3× Static Bolt 1 Energy lightning  spell
Deal 3 dmg. If you have played another lightning spell this turn -> Create a Zap token in your hand
3× Stormcall 1 Energy lightning  spell 
Create 2 Zap tokens in your hand
3× Thunderfall 5 Energy lightning  spell
Deal 4 dmg. This costs 1 less mp for each spell you played this turn
3× Overload 2 Energy lightning  spell 
Deal 3 dmg. When you cast this spell, if you have played 4 spells before it -> deal 2 dmg.
3× Voltage Cascade 2 Energy lightning  spell
Deal 2 dmg + 1 dmg for each spell played before it this turn 
3× Storm Protocol 3 Energy lightning  spell 
For the rest of the turn whenever you cast a non token spell -> Create a Zap token in your hand 
3× Conductive Surge 1 Energy lightning  spell
Create a Zap token in your hand. For the turn your zap tokens have [Recast]. 
3× Overcharged Current 2 Energy lightning  spell
Create a Zap token in your hand. For the turn your zap tokens deal +1 DMG 
3× Arc Battery 1 Energy lightning  spell 
Gain 2 Energy
3× Turbocharge 3 Energy Spell
Draw 3 cards


